Update: proofreading popular Kotlin docs (#2552)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/command-line.md

folders?.forEach { folder -> println(folder) }
```

> To run a script, simply pass the `-script` option to the compiler with the corresponding script file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a script, pass the `-script` option to the compiler with the corresponding script file.
```

```bash
$ kotlinc -script list_folders.kts -- -d <path_to_folder_to_inspect>
```

> Since v1.3.0, Kotlin has had experimental support for script customization, such as adding external properties,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kotlin provides experimental support for script customization, such as adding external properties,
```
